one more match with no sound no idea how
much help I have wrong yeah Wow DJ wit
well I guess I can kind of see his life
I can't see mine huh round two oh I
tried to do a fucking max I didn't come
out on out reads ok Oh fancy King fancy
king hahaha oh no fightin win
all right last round right round three
hi can't move come on I can you would
take a throw whatever dude now i'm
thinking a max out yes i have no idea
how much else i have enough come on know
how much help i don't know i'm dead Oh
can fucking tell how much life I had man
i was gonna try the reversal super but i
couldn't see anything stupid fucking
game bug i hope this patch coming up
fixes that dumb shit